well we are here at the asus stand
Knowing your new product this
presented here in Barcelona that is the pad
with infinity this is a combination
between 10.1-inch tablet and a
5-inch phone let's go to why
it is a combination the specifications
they are quite impressive it comes with
android 4.2 of living a processor
7.7 giga snapdragon of qualcomm
hertz or four cores 2 gigas of ram and
between 32 and 64 gigas capacity
screen is 10.1 inches as they
had commented and the 1080 p is full hd and
what is striking about this is that
because I can work for example
the cable that would give me up to 410 hours
of time I had
or work on cell phone is 5
inches is also 1080 p has
dependence on the charger more or less
20 hours on 3g networks is also
they basically share the components
from here we have the same however
the one here we have the camera the camera
of 3 megapixels with an opening of that
two
here we go inside is a little bit
how the device works as they can
see the finished device is everything
in aluminum we live precious is a single
body on the rounded edges that
you see quite pretty well and this income
A) Yes
and that's when one can be of
immediately transfer what has the
phone to the tablet screen but
not only that also according to fusades a
great innovation of this device
this antenna that is supposedly the nfc
and the cell phone antenna so that then
so on the outside the phone although they look
the idea is good and that do not interfere
metal in the aluminum that is a single
body that look like I tell them is
truly extraordinary manufacturing
and the idea is not to interfere is is
the metal as it is with the performance of
the cellular antenna as this is the most
new asos this device is
costing more or less a thousand euros and will be
available then in the next months